The duties of the members.
Syed Naqvi:
(Phase 1)
1) Participation in the discussion of the direction of the project. 
2) Wrote the initial copy of Fascia.java, Sequencer.java, Order.java, and Replenisher.java. 
3) Debugging and fixes to all the classes with Amr. 
4) Wrote doc strings for all the classes.
5) Wrote some of the comments for the classes.
6) Made the UML.

(Phase 2)
1) Created the initial work required for rescan.
2) Helped deciding on what changes needed to be made.
3) Added comments helping to clarify some thing in Reader.
4) Helped with the debugging process and fixed some minor errors.
5) Updated the UML to match the updated code.


Amr Sharaf:
(Phase 1) 
1) Participation in the discussion of the direction of the project. 
2) Wrote the initial copy of Picker.java, Loader.java, FasciaGroup.java, and Reader.java.
3) Debugging and fixes to all the classes.
4) Wrote some of the comments for the classes. 
5) Made appropriate print statements for events.
6) Made all the tests. 
7) Made help.txt.
(Phase 2)
1) Created all test methods except testPicker
2) Fixed check style warnings in Reader.java
3) Changed the picker conditions in Reader.java to read SKUs instead of indexes
3) Debugged and fixed some errors in the code.
4) Edited the print statements to match the requirements for Phase 2.
5) Edited the sequencer conditions in Reader.java to allow for rescanning as well as the loader conditions to allow for scanning and rescanning
6) Provided the methods in Sequencer and in Loader.java which were then transferred to Worker.java
7) Added function FixError in main in Reader.java and wrote the docstrings for it.

Michael Brendan Taylor-James (joined in phase 2):
1) Added testing method testPicker.
2) Fixed some checkstyle warnings.
3) Resolved merge conflicts with the group.
4) Removed duplicate code from Sequencer and Loader.
5) Implemented rescan method in the worker abstract class.
6) Wrote if-statements that allows arguments to be used in the command line.

Omar Sherif:
1) Participated in the discussion of the project and the approach to the needed changes in phase 2.
2) Helped solve the changes that needed to be implemented in phase 2.
3) Created Worker parent class to act as a superclass to Sequencer and Loader.
4) Made some docstrings for methods in all classes.
5) Cleaned up some of the code by fixing design aspects such as spacing and indenting.
6) Removed duplicate code from Loader and Sequencer
7) Included comments in methods to ensure clarity of code.
8) Was responsible for all aspects of logging (console and file handling)
9) Converted all print statements from phase 1 to log statements. 
